chore: fix typos and link broken (#150402)
flutter/flutter: packages/flutter_tools/lib/src/debug_adapters/README.md

# Debug Adapter Protocol (DAP)

> This document is Flutter-specific. For information on the standard Dart DAP implementation, [see this document](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/tree/main/pkg/dds/lib/src/dap).

Reviewer: This new link links to source code, not a document about the standard Dart DAP implementation.

@bkonyi or @DanTup Do you know where the document has moved to that was originally referenced here? Or have a suggestion for how to update this?

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure myself. Maybe Danny will know?

Reviewer 3: Some DAP bits from https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/party/pkg/dds/ moved to https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/third_party/pkg/dap/

So that readme is now at https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/third_party/pkg/dap/tool/README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is Flutter-specific. For information on the standard Dart DAP implementation, [see this document](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/blob/main/third_party/pkg/dap/tool/README.md).
```
